it's that all these days they've been
talking to me about some facechimba and that he
was sleeping with me and I had no [ __ ] idea
who the Man was and now I start
looking and I realize that he's a
frustrated Spaniard due to success who hasn't achieved
anything in his [ __ ] life and that he comes as a lame person to
get into his
own friends' contracts everything but now he
wants to know mine too Imagine if he
sucked off all of Spain and now he's coming to
suck off Colombia daddy Relax
relax that mouth because conor son of a [ __ ]
put a muzzle on that bastard It seems
that we've been in a season where
every day there's some streamer who
explodes against the millor this time
wescol Well he's pissed off he's
found the clips of the millor
talking and questioning what
wescol charges and he's given him a beating he's
insulted him he's stepped on him he's spat on him
and then he's sat on top of the
corpse wescon calls him a
frustrated Spaniard And without success he's been
supporting himself by sucking up to
other Spanish creators and now he
wants to go to Colombia to suck his ass